update catalog info only (#6269)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/update-oin-app/main/index.md

> **Note:** You can use the [OIN Wizard](/docs/guides/update-oin-app/) to update OIDC, SAML 2.0, SCIM 2.0, and API service integrations that were originally submitted through the [OIN Manager](/docs/guides/submit-app/).

There are two types of updates you can make to a published OIN integration:

* Catalog information only - Update your app listing details such as name, logo, description, or contact information without requiring functional configuration changes or testing.

> * Functional configuration - Update functional settings such as SAML configurations, SCIM provisioning, URLs, or other integration capabilities. This update type requires testing and backward compatibility verification.

Reviewer: Instead of mentioning `SAML configurations` can we mention `SSO configuration` (so that it covers OIDC and SAML updates)?

> **Note:** You can use the [OIN Wizard](/docs/guides/update-oin-app/) to update OIDC, SAML 2.0, SCIM 2.0, and API service integrations that were originally submitted through the [OIN Manager](/docs/guides/submit-app/).

> If you need to update only catalog information, such as your app name, description, logo, or support contact information, click the **Edit** button on the **Home** page. This streamlined option skips configuration and testing, allowing you to submit minor branding updates directly to the OIN Ops team for review without requiring functional testing or backward-compatibility verification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to update only catalog information, such as your app name, description, logo, or support contact information, click **Edit** on the **Home** page. This streamlined option skips configuration and testing, allowing you to submit minor branding updates directly to the OIN Ops team for review without requiring functional testing or backward-compatibility verification.
```

> When you edit a published OIN integration, test both the updated version and the published version for backward-compatibility. The integration version that was previously installed in your customer's org will not include new settings from your update. Testing the published version ensures that your integration still works for customers who have already installed it. See [Update integration considerations](#update-integration-considerations) before you edit your published integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you edit a published OIN integration, test both the updated version and the published version for backward-compatibility. The integration version that was previously installed in your customer's org doesn't include new settings from your update. Testing the published version ensures that your integration still works for customers who have already installed it. See [Update integration considerations](#update-integration-considerations) before you edit your published integration.
```

Reviewer 3: Maybe differentiate "edit a published integration" with the previous "only catalog information"?

```suggestion
If you need to edit more than the catalog information for your published OIN integration, test both the updated version ...
```

After you successfully test the updated and published versions of your integration, resubmit your integration to the OIN team. Your integration goes through a [submission review process](/docs/guides/submit-app-overview/#understand-the-submission-review-process) before the updated version is published in the OIN catalog.

## Update integration considerations

### Update catalog information only

Update catalog information independently to keep your listing accurate without requiring engineering resources.

To edit the catalog information directly, go to the **Home** page, locate the **Your apps** section, click **Edit** next to the app you want to modify, and select **Catalog Info**. Use this streamlined workflow to update the following catalog fields:

- App name
- Logo
- App description
- Contact information

> When you modify only the preceding catalog fields on a published integration, the OIN Wizard bypasses configuration and testing. A confirmation dialog appears for you to submit your changes. Your submission goes directly to the OIN team. Your app displays an in-review status in **Your apps** section. Your changes are tracked through an automated operations ticket and deployed upon OIN Ops team approval. The live version remains active in the public OIN catalog during this review.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you modify only these catalog fields on a published integration, the OIN Wizard bypasses configuration and testing. A confirmation dialog appears for you to submit your changes. Your submission goes directly to the OIN team. Your app displays an in-review status in **Your apps** section. Your changes are tracked through an automated operations ticket and deployed upon OIN Ops team approval. The live version remains active in the public OIN catalog during this review.
```

> If your update includes changes to functional configurations such as SAML settings, SCIM provisioning, or URLs, you must select the **Edit** >  **Integration** option instead of **Edit** > **Catalog Info** and complete the full end-to-end testing Workflow.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If your update includes changes to functional configurations such as SAML settings, SCIM provisioning, or URLs, you must select the **Edit** >  **Integration** option instead of **Edit** > **Catalog Info** and complete the full end-to-end testing workflow.
```

### Functional configuration considerations

To update functional settings for your published app, you can use either of the following navigation paths:

> - Go to the **Home** page, locate the **Your apps** section, click **Edit** next to the app, and select **Integration**.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure if editing API Integration Actions is supported in the **Home** page.

Author: Since both paths are available, I think it is okay, let me know if we need to add something more

## Update your integration

> **Notes:**

> >- This section applies only to functional updates. For updating catalog information only, see, [Update catalog information only](#update-catalog-information-only).<br>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> - This section applies only to functional updates. For only catalog-information updates, see [Update catalog information only](#update-catalog-information-only).
```
Do you need a `br` here? Maybe a space before the dash bullet might help?

> >- When you edit your published OIN integration, your previous PUBLISHED status and date are overwritten with the DRAFT status and current date.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> - When you edit your published OIN integration, your previous PUBLISHED status and date are overwritten with the DRAFT status and current date.

```
Add a space to remove the snippet content from the Notes box. The formatting looks awkward.

Author: Added a space

Author: Updated in way all points comes in order

## Test integration updates

> >**Note:** This section applies only to functional updates. When updating catalog information only, the OIN Wizard bypasses testing and proceeds directly to submission.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
>**Note:** This section applies only to functional updates. When you update only catalog information, the OIN Wizard bypasses testing and proceeds directly to submission.
```
